Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
13 and 0,13 and 0 !
13 and 0 !
Next friday, our children will
be asked a question.
How they answer that
will define us all.
The question is :
when victory and defeat,
life and death,
hang in the balance,
what... are... you...
capable of ?
State championship !
Number one !
Same speech he gives every year.
That's because
it works every year.
What are you doing ?
You hate football.
My brother's on the team.
You hate your brother.
Besides,
did I ask you not to
go to the pep rally ?
Did I ask you to dump
the quarterback ?
- Very nice.
- Come on, guys.
We're all tired,
we're all hungry
and we all know the second you
get some of this pizza,
you'll remember how much
you love each other.
You ok ?
Yeah. It's just a little cough,
it's not going to kill me.
Thanks for hanging with me.
Always.
Besides,
thank your daddy for leaving
us the house all weekend.
I need some air.
Give me this.
- Polly.
- Yeah ?
Go on. I'll be right in.
- Okay, I'm going to go shower.
- Okay.
Hey, garbage girl,
better not forget to wash your hands.
Do what I say, Polly,
or Brooke and Kelly die.
Now, get dressed.
Are you ok ?
What does this guy want ?
I don't know.
Did you tell him our names ?
- What ?
- He called us by name.
Did you tell him ?
No.
She's right.
He knew our names.
- What does that mean ?
- That he knows us,
that he's someone we know ?
Well, if he knows us,
why hasn't he talked to us ?
'Cause he's some kind of freak !
If he comes back,
we have to fight him together.
Right.
This time, we fight,
no matter what.
Okay ? He can't take all 3 of us
at the same time.
We all attack him at once.
Are you sure you're okay ?
God !
What does this guy want ?
To choose.
To choose what ?
Two of you will leave
this room alive...
one of you will die.
You choose.
Season 2 Episode 7
"North Mammon"
Transcript : www.1000fr.com
Retravaillé par Brianubik
Synchro : Csivore
Traduction : Brianubik et Louza
BAU team pour www.forom.com et
http ://experts.heberg-forum.net/portal.php
Mrs. Homefeldt ?
Hi. I'm agent Jareau.
Thank you for seeing me.
- My aunt said it was an emergency.
- Yeah.
She said to give this to you.
You played soccer.
I  don't understand.
My daughter Polly, played soccer
too, for North Mammon.
The varsity team. She got a scholarship
to Penn State.
Forgive me, ma'am.
My aunt didn't really
explain to me
the nature of this emergency.
No one is looking for them.
Here.
My daughter
and her two friends,
they've been missing for 5 days,
and I know someone took them,
but no one will believe me.
- Missing ?
- Yeah.
This... this here... this...
this is you, right ?
I mean, you found this girl, right ?
No, no, not just me.
The team here did.
It's been 5 days now.
Can you ask them to help me ?
Because no one
is looking for my Polly.
Well, as much as we might want
to take this case,
we have to be invited
by local authorities.
I'm sure that this friend of
your aunt's is very concerned,
but it just doesn't work that way.
I called the police chief.
He faxed over an official request
for our assistance.
This is Brooke Chambers.
Her father, Peter,
a widower, left her home alone
for the weekend.
Polly Homefeldt and Kelly Seymour
were sleeping over
saturday night.
À 21h35 lors du rassemblement
pour encourager l'équipe de foot,
both Kelly and Polly
called home.
It's me.
I know this is last minute,
but please don't be angry.
Brooke, Kelly and I
are going to take off
on a road trip for a few days,
sort  of our last adventure
before graduation.
We'll be back friday night.
Love you.
Bye.
Kelly Seymour left this message
on her parents'machine
44 seconds later.
It's me.
I know this is last minute,
but please don't be angry.
Brooke, Polly, and I
are going to take off
on a road trip for a few days,
sort of our last adventure
before graduation.
We'll be back friday night.
Love you, bye.
- Exactly the same.
- Word for word.
Both calls made were made
from Brooke's cell, which has since
been turned off.
And there's been no activity on their
cell phones or atm cards since saturday.
It does sound like they were
reading from a script.
And obviously, since the phone's turned
off, I can't use it to locate the girls,
but I have an open trap on the number
in case it gets turned back on.
Okay, guys, guys, not for nothing.
I remember my senior year
in high school.
Isn't it possible these girls
just took off on a road trip ?
No.
Absolutely not.
Polly  accepted an athletic
scholarship to Penn state.
I was a high school athlete,
just like these girls.
I was these girls.
They don't smoke,
they don't do drugs,
they don't drink during the season,
and they do not jeopardize
a full-ride scholarship
by cutting school
and missing practice.
Okay.
I hear you, JJ.
It has been 5 days.
There's a chance these girls...
There's a chance
we may not find them.
I don't think so.
- Why not ?
- The phone messages.
If they were reading from a script,
they said, "I'll see you next friday",
not two days, not two weeks,
friday.
Why be that specific ?
My guess is we have until friday
to find them.
Two days.
So, are we taking this case ?
Wheels up in 30 minutes.
Legendary basketball coach
John Wooden said,
"it's not so important
who starts the game,
but who finishes it."
Hi,
I'm sergeant Sykes,
Tom, if you want.
Derek Morgan.
- Agent Gideon, Dr. Reid.
- Jason Gideon. How are you ?
Hope we haven't brought you folks
out here for nothing.
You don't believe
the girls are missing ?
It's not really the kind of thing
that happens around here, you know ?
You'd be surprised to know
how many times we hear that.
Still, I've been through
the house myself
and nothing looks
out of place at all.
- You talk to chambers, the father ?
- Haven't located him yet.
- Is that unusual ?
- Chambers is a lawyer.
He's always out of town
on business.
November 3rd.
That's tomorrow.
State championship football game.
North Mammon
is finally back in it.
Show us inside.
Chief Yates, Jennifer Jareau,
we spoke on the phone.
- Hi.
- This is agent hotchner.
Hi, Jeff Yates.
Hi, Judy.
Hey, why don't you go on inside
and make yourself comfortable.
- We'll be in in a minute.
- Okay.
Chief Yates, there's not much
of a case file yet.
Listen, I can't get anyone to agree
the girls are actually missing.
Mrs. Homefeldt certainly believes it.
Yeah, well, I wouldn't put too much
stock in what Judy Homefeldt thinks.
Why is that ?
She's got a history of mental problems.
- What kind of history ?
- Depression.
Just heard she's even
on medication.
Didn't she raise Polly
on her own
after her husband abandoned her,
- what, 12 years ago ?
- That's right. Yeah.
If you were in her place, don't you
think you'd be a little depressed ?
Point taken.
Chief, if you're not sure
the girls are missing,
why would you request our help ?
Listen, something happened.
I'm just not sure what and if it's bad,
I'll take all the help
I can get.
Plus, your agent Jareau
can be pretty convincing.
- Are the parents inside ?
- Well, kelly's parents are in there.
We still haven't been able
to track down Brooke's father, Pete.
He's... well, he travels a lot.
Listen, these people
are my friends, okay ?
Let me tell you... they're my neighbors,
good people.
I don't want anybody assuming
that they're involved.
We just got here,
we're not assuming anything.
Go ahead.
You were right, sergeant.
No forced entry,
no  sign of struggle.
If someone did attack these girls,
they chose to comply pretty fast.
- If.
- There were only two ways
to immediately get compliance
without the use of force,
that's either
the threat of force or
previously established trust.
Whoever it was,
it took a lot of planning.
Detailed information
about the girls.
When Brooke's father was gone,
- when the other parents were out.
- How do you mean ?
He knew they'd have
to leave messages.
With that script, they couldn't have
talked to the parents directly.
Close family friend
or a stalker.
The folks here look after each other.
There's no way an outsider
stalked these girls
without being noticed.
We have to assume the people
who abducted these girls
were members of the community.
Would have needed a spot
to watch her from.
Should we expect
a ransom demand ?
Kidnappers who want money
contact the families
to prove they have possession
of the victim.
They don't call to conceal it.
Kidnappers. Are we sure
they just haven't run off ?
It's pretty unusual the girls
left identical messages.
They feel scripted.
- Why would Kelly run off ?
- Here's the thing.
This is a football town,
Kelly plays girl's soccer.
Our son is on the football team.
This week, the football is
all anyone cares about.
That didn't always
sit right with Kelly.
Should it, Gill ?
Should her being told
that she's not as important
sit right with her ?
- I didn't say she wasn't as important.
- You never said it.
No, it's going to be all right.
She'll be back after the game,
you'll see.
Come on, I got some tissue
in the office.
You can see all the windows
from here.
Someone's spent a lot of time here.
- Damn.
- Has it rained since saturday night ?
No.
He who seeks the queen of all knowledge,
speak and be recognized.
Garcia, we're sending you
some cigarettes.
Yeah,
why not a flesh-eating virus ?
It'll be faster and far less painful.
We need some butts rushed
to the lab for DNA analysis.
Oh, Reid, I love it
when you say butts.
Send away, sugar.
Bang bang for now.
Do you really think someone
from our town's involved in this ?
You said it yourself,
an outsider would have been noticed.
Sergeant Sykes.
What ?
Looks like chief Yates won himself
a title back in the day.
- They do like their football.
- Trust me, it's like a religion.
Do you think it strange
that with three girls missing,
nobody's talking about canceling
tomorrow night's game ?
Come on, Hotch, it's football.
They know they can play
without girls.
Just found Brooke's car... abandoned.
I'm freezing.
We're all cold,
we're all hungry.
She has a fever.
Complaining about it isn't going
to make it any better.
Do you have to be so mean ?
Mean ? Some jerk locks us
in a box, and I'm mean ?
You don't see Brooke
and me jumping on you about it.
I don't see you or Brooke
doing a damn thing !
Guys,
this is what he wants.
How long have we been
down here ?
We don't even know where here is.
He doesn't want us to know.
He wants to break us down.
It's called sensory depravation.
It's not going to work !
You hear me, you son of a bitch ?!
Yes, it will.
If he doesn't give us
water and food...
it  will work.
We could die down here.
It's covered in dust.
It must've been here for quite a while.
So much for the spontaneous
road trip.
This isn't a very traveled area.
- Not really.
- So, the car's left in town
where it would eventually
be found.
- Eventually.
- Gideon,
it's from the football team.
It says K.E. on the brim.
- Could be Kip Engler.
- Who ?
Ah, he's the quarterback.
He and brooke were an item.
What, you think he had something
to do with this ?
Was he at the pep rally
saturday night ?
- Yeah, he was the star of it.
- Then no.
But I think we know the kind
of person we're looking for.
Brooke, Kelly and Polly have been
missing for 5 days.
Usually in cases like this we wouldn't
expect to find them alive.
However, in this case,
we don't believe that to be true.
The person responsible spent
considerable time and energy
planning the abduction.
He did not do all this work to simply
kill the girls once he had them.
Otherwise, he would've done it
at the Chamber's house.
He certainly seemed to know
he had the time.
And he had Kelly and Polly
reference friday
in the messages they left
for their parents.
We think the unsub
has something planned
for the night
of your championship game.
We are certain the unsub is someone
from this community.
How do you know that ?
Because, Mr. Chambers,
he didn't have your daughter leave you
a phone message or a note, did he ?
Not that I know of.
'Cause he knew you'd be
out of town for a while.
Just like he knew the dump site for
the car would eventually be found.
Everything
points to him
giving himself time.
Time for what ?
- I don't know yet, sir.
- Well, what's been done about it ?
Sir, I'm with the FBI.
We're going to need some information.
Wait a minute.
If someone from this
town's taken my Brooke,
- I wanna know what's being done about it.
- Yes, I know, sir.
If you'd just come with me.
I will explain everything.
All right ?
Thank you.
Predatory abductors like this unsub
are intelligent,
patient and cautious.
They like to watch everything :
the victims, the families,
the police.
He's surely watching us now
and may even attempt
to inject himself
into our investigation.
We also know that predatory abductors
prepare a nest,
prior to the abduction.
A remote cabin,
an underground bunker,
a secret secure place
that only he has access to.
Designed to confine
and conceal his prey
once his hunting is done.
Should we be looking for this nest ?
You'd never find it.
For his nest,
predatory abductor John Jemelske
built a sophisticated
dungeon complex
under a suburban syracuse home,
where he documented
every detail of the torture
he carried out upon the victims
he kept there for 3 years.
The man who kidnapped
these girls
has a relationship or a job
that permitted him
to get close enough
to watch them.
We must focus on those people
who had access.
A family member,
a teacher, a next door neighbor,
it sounds cliché
but often it is the person
you least suspect.
One more thing to remember.
We're looking for someone
who was not at the pep rally.
Ask the community,
I'm sure somebody videotaped it.
You can go through the tapes,
start eliminating townspeople.
I'm sorry, sir.
Mr. Chambers just took off.
- Where did he go ?
- I don't know.
That was Garcia. She just ran the cigarette
butts through CODIS and got a name :
Donald Haas ?
Don Haas is
the girls'soccer coach.
Was coach Haas at the pep rally ?
I don't remember seeing
him there, no.
Where would coach Haas be
right now ?
Now, I know
we're all upset about
Polly and Brooke and Kelly,
but it is important that
we keep a positive attitude.
Those girls, they'd want you
to be strong.
They'd want your prayers.
Where's my daughter,
you son of a bitch ?
I get the charges dropped,
and this is what you do for me ?
- Take it easy, take it easy !
- He did it before
in Pittsburgh !
He was arrested, and I got him off.
I got you off,
- you son of a bitch.
- That's enough !
- Let's go.
- Little help !
Are you okay ?
They're all turning on each other.
I'm hungry.
Remember when we played ashland ?
You stopped like
a hundred shots on goal ?
It wasn't a hundred.
You were on fire that day.
You're  the great player, Polly.
You're the one going
to Penn state.
You're going to come
visit me, right ?
There's got to be a way
to get him to come down here.
He's not coming down.
You know, some of us
are trying to come up
with solutions, Brooke.
Don't.
She's sick.
Sick, she's sick.
What about me ?
I'm sick !
I'm sick of trying to come up
with a plan while little miss Perfect
over here just whines.
She has a plan.
- What are you talking about ?
- She already has a plan.
Why hasn't she told us ?
Because I'm not sick enough yet.
What the hell is wrong
with Pete, huh ?
Going crazy like that.
Like I had something
to do with this.
- Mind if I smoke ?
- Yes.
You smoke more
than 100's, Mr. Haas ?
Yeah.
We found
13 Morley 100 cigarette butts
with your DNA on them
across the street
from the Chamber's house.
This is a mistake.
Somebody has made a mistake.
You smoke those cigarettes and
left something for yourself
on them, sir.
That's a fact.
Yeah, but I did not leave
them there.
- Can you tell me who did ?
- How the hell should I know ?
All right, thanks.
You can go back to work now.
THE SAGINAW MOTEL.
- Here's the guest registry.
- All right.
I'll get started running these
names through the computer.
There's a name in there,
John Sherman,
you're not going to find it
in the state computer.
He stays here once a month,
and he pays me $100 cash
over the rate
so I'll look the other way.
And you don't ask for I.D.?
Well, I don't have to...
see, because I know the guy.
Only his name's not sherman.
It's Chambers.
Peter Chambers.
Don Haas kidnapped my daughter.
Now, why are you wasting time
talking to me ?
He's being questioned
in another room.
Tell me why you're so convinced
that it was him.
You said it was someone
from this community.
The only person I know capable of doing
something like this is Don.
What do you mean, capable ?
He's a sex offender.
His record is clean.
Yeah, well, six years ago,
Don called me from Pittsburgh,
he'd been arrested for soliciting
an underage prostitute.
- Why did he call you ?
- Because I'm a lawyer.
We'd been friends for 30 years. We
played football together in high school.
So, why did you agree
to help him ?
'Cause Don swore it was a one-time thing.
The guy was going through a divorce,
the girl had a record.
I made sure that a sex offender
could still spend
all his working hours
around young girls.
God, I practically gave him
my daughter.
Chambers represented Haas
in a minor sex offense case
six years ago,
had the record expunged.
- What kind of sex offense ?
- An underage prostitute.
- Sounds like the right kind of crime ?
- Could be.
Well, Haas swears he didn't put
the cigarette butts there.
Does it strike anyone else
as grossly inconsistent
that an unsub this
sophisticated and methodical
would leave an obvious pile of his DNA
at the crime scene ?
Don Haas was
at the pep rally.
I saw him in two different
video tapes.
I guess I must've missed him.
All three of the victims'soccer jersies
were found behind the motel
Peter Chambers has been staying
at for the last week.
Don Haas has an alibi for the night
your daughter was taken.
- What ?
- Video.
At the exact time the other girls
were leaving their scripted messages,
- he was at the pep rally.
- Oh, my god.
You said you were in Philadelphia
on business last week.
- I'm sorry ?
- Were you in philadelphia ?
You think I hurt my daughter ?
We just found
the girls'soccer uniforms
behind the Saginaw motel.
What ?
Were you in Philadelphia
on business last weekend ?
No.
Where were you ?
I was at the Saginaw motel.
What were you doing there ?
I meet a friend there
once a month.
Actually, he's more
than a friend.
This is a small town.
These are small town people.
They're wonderful in many ways,
but there are some things
they just don't understand.
I need a name.
Glenn Donahue.
He lives on Rittenhouse square...
with his wife...
and his two little boys.
- These men are innocent.
- You're sure ?
Unsub planted evidence
to implicate them.
Forensic countermeasures.
So,
we've got no suspects,
no reliable evidence,
we've got nothing.
We have the behavior.
The fact of the countermeasures.
He tried to implicate
Haas and Chambers.
That would mean Haas and Chambers
had significance to him, right ?
Who he's implicated may be
as important as who he's abducted.
He's been watching them all
for a long time.
Seething.
We need to bring the parents
and the people he implicated in.
They, along with the girls,
are his targets,
and it may be the key to finding him
before it's too late.
He's ahead of us.
Has been all along.
I got a bad feeling
about this one.
Me, too.
It's terrible, but she's sick,
- and pretty soon we will be, too.
- I'm not listening.
- She is dying already.
- What ?
- You don't know that.
- Look at her, Polly.
She isn't going to make it.
We have to face facts.
- She's dying.
- No she's not.
Yes, she is.
But we don't have to.
So, what we have to do
is sacrifice our friend
and we're safe.
We didn't do that to her, okay ?
How do you know
he'll let us go anyway ?
Did you ever think of that ?
What if he's just...
some evil, twisted psycho
who gets off watching people
fight with each other.
Maybe we can get her help
if we just get out of here.
He said one of us has to die.
If we don't choose,
we are never going to see
our families again, ever.
No one will ever know what happened
to us, that we'll starve to death
and no one will ever know.
You'll never see
your mother again,
ever.
My mom would be totally alone.
- Totally.
- Totally alone.
There's no other choice, is there ?
No, Polly, I'm sorry,
but there is no other choice.
She's going to die anyway, right ?
That's right,
but we don't have to.
All right.
Okay.
Hey, mister.
We made our choice.
God.
No.
What's happening ?
Nothing, brooke.
Nothing. Go back to sleep.
This unsub, or unknown subject,
is someone you know.
He's someone from your past,
and he's someone who thinks
that you have wronged him.
We'd like for you to think about
who might fit that description.
Don't you think if we knew
who we did this
or why we would've told you ?
Please, let him talk, Gill.
Oh, I'm going to take advice
from somebody on mental medication ?
What ?
Everyone knows, judy.
Could we just stay focused, please ?
The man who took your daughters.
He framed Peter Chambers
and Don Haas for a reason.
This is an attack... on you.
I have made mistakes in my life,
but why take it out on Brooke ?
You know, it's one thing for Brooke
to pay for your mistakes,
but if my daughter has to pay
for them, too...
- Mr. Seymour, that's not helping.
- That's not fair, Gill.
Fair ?
You shut the hell up,
you're nothing but a pervert.
You will never get near
the children of this town again.
We need to keep this
as civil as possible.
Gill, are you even listening ?
It wasn't Don. He had nothing to do with it.
You knew he was a deviant,
you didn't tell us.
- You let him coach our girls.
- His arrest...
was a misunderstanding, okay ?
We talked to
the hotel manager, Peter.
We know about you.
Maybe this is god's punishment.
Oh, punishment.
Okay.
At least I didn't spend the week my
daughter was missing focusing on my son
- and the damn football game !
- No,
we know what you spent
the week doing.
I blame myself
for ever letting Kelly be friends
with Brooke and Polly to begin with.
Low breeding always shows through.
- Low breeding ?
- They're bad seeds.
- They always have been.
- Don't talk about my daughter like that,
- all right ?
- That's enough !
What is the matter with you people ?
This is exactly what he wants.
He is attacking all of you. He is
turning all of you against each other,
and you're just
letting him do it.
Your daughters are best friends,
and you all have known each other
most of your lives
as friends.
Don't let this man beat you
this way.
What do you want us to do ?
Listen to these agents,
all right ? They came here to help.
Let them do that.
We're going to split you up,
go over your histories,
and see if there's a name
from your past in common.
Probably won't be
a casual acquaintance.
He knows your secrets.
Don't just think people
you've knowingly wronged.
Maybe something
you're not even aware of,
- or you may have forgotten
- Agent Gideon.
It's Penelope Garcia from Quantico.
She says it's urgent.
Put her on speaker.
Go ahead, Garcia.
Brooke Chamber's phone
just switched back on.
- Tell me you got a trace.
- And a location. Downtown North Mammon,
within 100 meters of the intersection
of main and first.
That's right outside.
- Morgan.
- Yeah.
Keep the parents back,
there are only two of them.
What's going on ?
It's okay.
We're with the FBI.
Are you all right ?
Polly, are you hurt ?
She's bleeding.
It's not her blood.
Brooke.
Where's Kelly Seymour ?
Let me get you some more water.
I'll get it.
Polly,
do you know
who did this to you ?
Whatever happened...
you're a very brave woman.
Not many people can face
what you did and...
make it out the other side.
It wasn't Polly's fault.
She didn't do anything.
Nothing's happened.
I'm just getting her some water.
- Is she talking ?
- Did she say where kelly is ?
- We're working on it.
- Agent Jareau,
when you said we all grew up together,
something struck me.
- What's that ?
- We all played football together.
Don, Pete, even Chief Yates.
We were all on the last championship
football team.
The championship game's tonight.
Do you know where
Kelly Seymour is ?
Where's the water ?
- Hotch, do you mind if I...
- No, please.
Hi, Polly.
My name is JJ.
I grew up in East Allegheny,
just right up the road.
I was captain of the varsity
soccer team,
my senior year.
It got me a scholarship
to Pittsburgh.
It was a pretty good school, but
it's not exactly Penn state.
I know that's where you're going
because your mom told me.
You know, your mom carried
a picture of you
all the way up to the FBI academy
in Quantico, Virginia
so that me and these agents here
could help find you.
And, believe me,
she was not leaving
until we said we'd come.
So, no matter what happened
over the past 6 days...
no matter what...
This
will all be a memory someday...
but you will always
have a mother
that loves you that much.
I want to show
you a photograph, Polly.
I want you to look at the men
in the picture
and tell me if you see the man
that did this to you.
Okay ?
Okay.
It's ok.
We were so hungry...
so thirsty...
so cold.
He wants us to do it ?
If that's what it takes
to get out of this alive...
- No way, I can't.
- You don't have a choice.
I can't. I can't.
Listen, it's like like those soccer
players who crashed in the Andes.
They were starving, they had no food,
nothing to eat
except for their friends
who had died.
They were good people,
but they didn't have a choice.
They did what they had to do.
You killed her.
I didn't have any choice.
They had already decided to...
but it wasn't Polly's fault.
It was him.
He said we had to choose.
Who was he, brooke ?
Who made you choose ?
I never saw him.
He made us...
choose.
Who did ?
Good job.
Hotch,
it's the guy that found
the soccer jerseys.
It's the garbage man.
It's Marcus Younger.
- Polly just ID'd him.
- He was the star of our team.
Blew his knee out in the first quarter
of the championship.
Lost his full-ride scholarship
to Notre Dame.
- Do you know where he lives ?
- Come on.
Clear !
Guys. There's a storm
cellar outside.
Don't move !
I got him.
Marcus Younger ?
FBI.
I never touched her.
Put your hands
where I can see them.
- I never hurt them.
- Get up, marcus.
I never even came
into the room, Jeff.
They did this.
Brooke and Polly.
All I did was show them
who they really are,
what they were truly capable of.
People pretending
to be decent.
When it came down to it,
they, uh...
they reacted just the way
I knew they would.
They turned on each other.
Just like when I got hurt.
You all couldn't wait
to run over me,
to take my position,
to take my life...
and to forget all about me.
Marcus, I'm not going
to ask you again.
Get up.
You don't know
what it's like, Jeff.
You all have lives,
and I just cleaned up after you.
Now, you have to clean up
after me.
- You get him out of here.
- let's go.
"The ultimate choice for a man,
in as much as he is given
to transcend himself
is to create or destroy,
to love or to hate."
Erich Fromm.
Can't sleep ?
You can't imagine the pressures
a small town creates.
To play, to win,
everyone pushing,
everyone watching.
I hated it.
Why did you play ?
Athletic scholarship was the only way
I was getting to college.
It was my only way out.
Besides, having a thick skin
when it comes to pressure,
It's a good thing
in this line of work, right ?
You did exceptional work
the last couple of days.
Thank you.
It's nice to be noticed.
Yeah. We don't usually, do we ?
It's all right.
It's not why I do it.
Have you ever thought about taking
the classes, becoming a profiler ?
No.
I admire what you guys do, but
I like my role.
I like being the person
the family can turn to.
Being the voice the poor,
over-worked homicide detective
can call when he runs
out of leads.
- Really ?
- Yeah.
I thought everyone wanted
to be a profiler.
Sorry.
What's all of that ?
New cases.
I got to figure out
where going to next.
Hey, wait a minute, we're the profilers.
I thought we made those decisions.
Sure you do.
All right. Well,
I gotta find some place
to get some sleep.
- Yeah, good luck with that.
- Thanks.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org